oh I do like a party one thing what
should happen if you forget about me
silly unfair oh never forget about you
pay promise Ava when I'm 100 we should
be working this weekend woman but I
promised my wife and daughter I'd take
them away this weekend
all hands on deck you won't be coming to
the cottage well it can't be helped your
life is happening now right in front of
you what to do what to do what to do
what to do indeed poor Christopher Robin
hello the tree I remember was in the
countryside not here in London this is
now opening I suppose it's where it
needs to be that's a silly explanation
watch thank you who why are you here oh
yes I need your help
I've lost all of my friends let's get to
the bottom of this look out poo here I
come it would appear that I am stuck
have you do stateand honey I have not
just eating done I wonder which way I
always get to where I'm going by walking
away from where I have been don't you
that's the way I do a turn hello your
Christopher Robin that's you play there
it's gonna see if we can't find piglet
I've already stayed far too long hello
everyone so nice to see you all again
why thank you silly old bear I was wrong
about work I was wrong about everything
and I've got to get back to my family
farewell Christopher Robin
I would have liked it to go on for a
while longer
perhaps it's our turn to save
Christopher
you must be Madeleine wait you know the
bear of my father's drawings yes do you
know where he is I did I just saw the
most preposterous impossible look at him
piglet if anyone wants to clap now is
the time to do it I don't remember being
cheery people say nothing is impossible
but I do nothing every day no Pooh
that's not nevermind
[Music]